all right trying something new
as you guys saw just now I'm gonna go I
was using clay before and that did not
really work out so decided I trying to
build up the sides here using bondo so
what I did was I took some paper and
tried to make some sort of a little
barrier and what I'm hoping is I'll be
able to remove the paper and pretty
easily and they leave a a pretty flat
flat surface to make things a little bit
easy for me when it comes to sanding and
I'm just applying a lot of bondo out of
time here to build up this area we'll
see how this works out I could have just
massively screwed it up give it a shot I
haven't done much lately
anyways done it so give this a try and
check it out in the morning
all right so here's the finished stride
and as you can see it did leave a smooth
edge which I should have done is not
left the paper here and pulled that off
Oh see now this fully pardon so now I'm
just gonna continue trying to do this
and then I will most likely do the whole
helmet and then continue sanding and
hopefully we'll have this lip I think I
might have put on a little too much here
as well but this will give me one more
option
alright so this is what I've ended up
with I apologize about the crappy video
I'm using my iPhone for this sooo easy
to go grab my camera so I use the the
the sort of the the paper borders here
to create the the detail that I was
looking for and it's worked okay the
problem is that it's not all the same
level of thickness so I did initially
way too fat over on this side so I'm
trying to take it down a good bit and
then on this side the other the other
side of the helmet I have gone in and
and made it a good bit thinner and
almost too thin in some areas so I'm
gonna be going back through and
basically just sanding everything down
now
and I'm really not liking how I did this
I probably could have gone about this
better way especially with some of the
comments that you guys had had left for
me but uh live and learn I guess
and just showing you guys again what
probably not to do this is not exactly
the best way to go about this I'm
probably gonna have to do a good bit
more work now to get this to where I
want it
but it is it's progress it's better than
what I had before and it's not sitting
here so that's good but yeah I'm just
gonna be sanding away on this now and
and then I'm gonna be applying more
bondo to this and then what I'm probably
gonna do next is I'm gonna apply cut out
some cardboard strips and apply that to
create the sort of spike details that
come off of this and then I'll apply
bondo over that which should hopefully
give me the same at least uniform
thickness and I won't have to worry so
much about sanding down but as you see
here I've got a whole bunch of gaps that
I need now to fill one other thing that
I might try is some tips that I've seen
and apologize can't remember his name
over there on the RPF but using epoxy to
sculpt the the detail so I might
actually give that a try as well so I
picked up some epoxy from Harbor Freight
for I think a buck I think so but yeah
yeah so this is where we're at right now
and stay tuned I should have some more
updates here in the in the following
weeks